hello to all this is arkane and
today we will be entitled to a
little video about the improvements of
field see in the menu these
improvements that has five for each
generally different class except
except for attacking forces and shadows that
is common too but we have for example
in antitank engineers and
mechanics if we look at we have
each time four levels that are in
steps that must be taken at
as the acquisition of
grip and to unlock these points
it's very simple for that you have to
look in play if you look down
on the left next to the mini map you have
your squad is above this one
there is a bar of gold on the bar there
has four levels that represent the
four levels of improvement
chosen and who if she is already in
part filled this bar and thanks to the
good weight generation it's for the
fill it needs to generate weights but
not just any that are
fairs report with your squad that's
to say for example locations
of enemies and when you were from your
squad and had his enemies recover from
pears order bonuses and so on and
cetera like here savard then fill
this bar and reach the different
bearings as for example here the bearing
cover that I unlocked thanks to
weight generated by the squad
but that would have been too good to be
true since the levels the bonuses that
you recover by performing actions
squad can not be kept
indefinitely
well yes because when you go
to die after another player
get used you will lose all your times
so ground improvement what will
reset you
really i 'm going to start over so he
do not have to play the madman either
and you I throw you in the heap
immediately knowing that the bonus
can be quite useful times and
well here I hope that this video you
will have learned how the
draw improvements do not hesitate to
comment should bring you to see you soon